#summary Project overview

= Introduction =

API and app for signing Zip, Apk, and/or Jar files onboard Android devices.


= Details =

This project is divided into five sub-projects.
  * android-sun-jarsign-support - provides supporting APIs for signing files.  This is modified Sun code obtained from the OpenJDK project and is licensed under GPL v2.  Including this library in your project is optional.  In most cases it isn't needed. Please see the zipsigner-lib README file for more details.
  * kellinwood-logging-lib - a lightweight, platform-independent logging framework.  Licensed under Apache 2.0.
  * kellinwood-logging-android - android adapter for the above logging framework. Licensed under Apache 2.0.
  * zipsigner-lib - a file signing library.  As Java code it should work anywhere, but its specifically targeted at Android application developers. Licensed under Apache 2.0.
  * ZipSigner - an Android app that integrates zipsigner-lib and signs files onboard the device. Licensed under Apache 2.0.

There are details README files in several of the projects
  * [http://code.google.com/p/zip-signer/source/browse/zipsigner-lib/trunk/README.txt zipsigner-lib README file]
  * [http://code.google.com/p/zip-signer/source/browse/ZipSigner/trunk/README.txt ZipSigner app README file]

Check the "Downloads" tab for the latest release binaries and source code.

== Subversion Checkouts ==

There are currently five sub-projects.  Check them out the source from Subversion using the following commands.

{{{
svn co https://zip-signer.googlecode.com/svn/zipsigner-lib/trunk zipsigner-lib
svn co https://zip-signer.googlecode.com/svn/ZipSigner/trunk ZipSigner
svn co https://zip-signer.googlecode.com/svn/android-sun-jarsign-support/trunk android-sun-jarsign-support
svn co https://zip-signer.googlecode.com/svn/kellinwood-logging-lib/trunk kellinwood-logging-lib
svn co https://zip-signer.googlecode.com/svn/kellinwood-logging-android/trunk kellinwood-logging-android
}}}