#summary ZipSigner android application page

= Introduction =

App for signing Zip, Apk, and/or Jar files onboard Android devices.

==Features==
  * Works without root permissions, although you'll need root to do something with the results.
  * Signing activity is callable by other apps via an Intent
  * Integrated file browser for picking input and output files (v1.2)
  * Output files are also automatically zip-aligned (v1.3)
  * The compression mode and size of entries in the input file are preserved in the output  (v1.3)
  * Sign with your choice of key: media, platform, shared, or testkey (v1.4)
  * Auto-modes for determining which key to sign with (v1.4)
  * Automatically generate the output filename based on the input filename -- "input.zip" becomes "input-signed.zip" (v1.5)


==Zip Picker Activity==

This is the activity launched by default.  From this screen you can enter the input and output files.  When you click "Sign File" the Zip Signer Activity is launched.

=== Selecting Input/Output Files ===

The "Choose In/Out...", "Input...", and "Output..." buttons launch an integrated file browser to select the input and output file parameters.  Upon selection, the file name text fields are updated.  When using "Choose In/Out..." the output filename is automatically set base on the name of the selected input file -- e.g., "input.zip" becomes "input-signed.zip" for the output filename (v1.5).

===Key/Mode==
Prior to v1.4, ZipSigner always signed with the "testkey".

ZipSigner can sign with the four Google keys: "media", "platform",
"shared", and "testkey".  There are also two auto-key modes -- "auto"
and "auto-testkey". Specifying one
of the four keys directly as the key/mode will force the output to be
signed with the specified key, regardless of which key the input file
was signed with.

|| Mode Name* || *Description* ||
|| auto || In auto mode, ZipSigner examines the signature block of the input file and automatically determines which key should be used to sign the file such that the output is signed with the same key as the input file.  In "auto" mode the signing operation will fail if it can't determine which of the four keys to use. ||
|| auto-testkey || The mode "auto-testkey" is similar except ZipSigner falls back to the testkey if it cant automatically determine which key to use. ||
|| auto-none || In this mode, if the signing key can't be determined automatically then the input file is simply copied to the output file. ||
|| none || In this mode the input file is simply copied to the output file. ||

==Zip Signer Activity==

This activity signs the files specified in the Intent extras.  This activity can be called by any other app to sign files.  See the source code of the Zip Picker for an example.